Hotline League is brought to you by
opened by HP hey yellow sub is on the
show
yellow sub where you calling holy shit
that wasn't his question no it was an
ask a question the other services been
sitting here silently entire time I
don't like to call attention on that
because then YouTube leaves comments
like why would you get so awkward when
they're just yellow so where are you
calling from
hey I'm coming from Austin Austin I was
I I fucking love Austin like if I had to
live in Texas you know because I was
forced to I would definitely pick Austin
yeah it's a great place a lot of gaming
stuff recently saw Greg Fox he got a
dream back yeah cool I had I had a
really good time I saw myself I still
have a vlog I need to publish from from
there it's have built on a timeline in
premiere what do you want to talk about
it actually kind of deals with MSI so I
have the I guess aggressive TSM flame
statement I think so what I think is
that TS I'm not making em aside this
year is a good thing for na because I
believe that TSM has a major coaching /
management issue that has persisted
throughout each season that prevents
them from international success and I
believe that there needs to be serious
change at the top level for TSM's
coaching / management if they want to
make their goal of winning worlds to be
come a reality
alright so here's the parth was like
alright I need to prep myself for the
Flav's of the hatred I was like no no
tonight it's gonna be fine
then you caught it come in and say this
all right well I think the first thing
to do is say like what what is this is
because it's just saying that there's an
issue is sure sure so I like the classic
like redditor armchair and yes that's
what this show is don't worry that's
that's what everyone knows the the issue
is that kiss I'm more than any other
North American organization has received
the most amount of international
opportunities and I think barring 2014
world's group right they made it to
quarters the every other not not like I
am or
rivals I'm not counting those I'm only
counting MSI and world's to be fair I
think that they have not performed well
so that's why I'm saying I think there's
some sort of issue that continually
prevents them from international success
that I believe is at a top level
coaching / management issue okay but you
I mean how do you identify that is a
sorry all at parts we rebuttal on here
is this the only the only thing it's
kind of weird you said like there is an
issue but you haven't sort of its kind
it's it's kind of like diagnosing a
problem without really saying the
symptoms I guess is what Travis is
saying cuz it's like sure they've
underperformed you could argue at
international competition but you
haven't said why that's the management's
fault I guess so I think it's because
like they like ultimately the TSM
organization has received an abundance
of opportunities to compete
internationally and I think they're the
only consistent thing right that has
been to those international events but
has still squandered it right like the
players have changed and so Europe
you're upset that despite the changes
we've had we've gone to international
tournaments X times but haven't shown
results yeah I guess that's a that's a
way to say it sure
okay so then why don't other orgs just
be better well so like sure I mean
that's that's fair like I can read the
Coyotes here and they have now the
opportunity to represent us at na or us
at MSI so I guess my a rebuttal would be
to that when TSM gets first place in the
region and they go to Worlds but Seon is
the only na team to make it out even
though they're like second or third
they're not the first seeded team
it still is it's just a it's baffling
why kiss em weights she's more baffled
why another team in a completely
different group can win
one or two extra best of ones that's
what's baffling to you well I don't I
wouldn't say it's just something you
literally just said that you literally
just said it is baffling to me that
another team in a completely different
group and accidentally won an extra best
of one I mean that's not the shirt I
guess that you can say you can say like
that shirt that's a logic problem that's
not like TSM management problem I think
the major thing though is that
especially at this last year's group
stages
I think definitively TSM had the easiest
group but they still didn't make it out
really
how was a definitive explained it to me
I think compared to the groups that both
immortals and c9 had they couldn't make
it out of that I don't know what was it
to me again you just said you just told
me there were three different groups and
I believe that a group was better than
beef why was the other group better okay
so group a let me help here let me pull
it up just make sure Group A was SKT EDG
c9 and aah Q group was Immortals fnatic
King's Own or whatever the fuck they
were called before and then gig Marines
and then Group D was TSM with flash
wolves our theorem you go to those
finals world-leading misfits misfits
Astrid I think out of the like aggregate
of that think he's like TSM God I think
the like second seeded China team in the
third seeded European team as I ordered
the second seeded European Thema is what
I was aha and then in Group E immortals
had first place create I think that's an
obvious given and the
fanatic was the third-place European
team okay my first question is do you
think the seating in two groups Acura
accurately represents their skill limit
no no I don't think that okay so you
can't use that argument but I think it
okay sure it doesn't accurately
represent it but the point I'm saying is
that's not that's not really what I was
writing it up but the point I'm trying
to say is that I still think that
grouping could be were harder than group
de yeah but again you have shown me no
credible evidence why that is the case
okay so I guess then yes right it might
have told you that they were easier
groups or hard groups but until you
definitely show me proof that they were
better or worse how can you create that
claim okay I guess that's fair I don't
know how to prove to you so then let's
come to the conclusion that the groups
were within reason pretty similar
because I do think that misfits took SKT
to almost five games and had the chance
of winning and unless you're calling SKT
airship team and I think w/e it was also
pretty credible
yeah and they did pull out really good
strategies during their run sure okay
okay
they were reasonably good teams okay and
it was best of once
okay so again explained to me how it's
baffling that groups that were
relatively even and it was best of one
it's baffling that sea lion might have
won an extra best one okay but I
watching me through this all right I
that's not the part that says baffling
the parisa was baffling no that's
exactly what you said it was baffling no
I didn't say it was just for this
world's I meant for the entirety of
their international I guess showings
uh-huh that's the part that's baffling
is that they received so many
opportunities but they still come that's
a different argument that's we have gone
to X amount of international tournaments
but we haven't made it further but that
doesn't mean any other team also has
done that
sorry what do you he's saying like if
CNI makes it further in one world you
can you can make that like argument but
then the other argument of TSM always
failing is something else okay if I if I
understood it right okay how about this
you write me a paper email it to me I
will read it and I will respond to you
and we can publish it if you really want
I mean like I said I'm just a reddit or
channel I'm not saying that my opinion
is necessarily correct it's more not I
agree that's here I mean it's more so
just frustration and I guess here's what
I understand right I agree that fans
should be frustrated at this org we set
out to do something that is incredibly
hard we put in like as much effort as we
can and even the in the off stage in off
season we make the changes that we
believe that is necessary for our team
to do better internationally because I
do think that if we had kept Peter and
if we kept the previous roster we would
have won an A and we would have another
shot but we philosophically do you want
to do well at Worlds at some point
regardless of what you want to believe
and if you're disappointed with our
results that's fine but until you can
show another organization that's done
more or better or has sacrificed as much
as our players and organization and
staff has don't come out with this
bullshit that
oh you've disappointed in us you're
disappointed it's just really garbage
hey you little sub I can hook you up
with parts email address after this if
you guys want to continue the
conversation I do appreciate you calling
in but just for the purposes of moving
on because we are starting to run out of
time I'm going to grab the we're gonna
have mark crap with the next color but
thank you so much for your call yeah
sounds good it goes T to dude alright so
that is the show parse how many messages
for view I noticed in the middle that
call you're like looking over at your
second water I assumed you were getting
messages from people like Dave Park you
just went in yo
some some people really live apart this
is a after that or something but like I
don't know I think it's totally
appropriate like if you I mean here's
here's what like the caller calls in
says that there needs to be change I'd
like the management level basically
implying similar to our last caller last
night that like the person he's talking
to should perhaps not have the job they
have I have no problem with letting the
that individual then usually not hunter
was too PC after this was the show where
you get to you PC yeah no I I encourage
everyone to come on here a dumb question
to just rip on it like I've definitely
ripped on a caller to and like yeah
someone came in it was basically like
GSM sucks from the top down because they
haven't won internationally very much
and it's like but no one's done better
TSM is the most successful franchise in
North American history by far it's I
mean close and then like they don't have
any specific thing that they want to
point to like you know what if someone
comes on there and says that's me I'm
like go fuck yourself like I think
that's totally fine know if the choleric
come in and said like hey I actually
think that like maybe tsm's you know
they should have had like a stronger set
of ad carries and parth winning on him
and like really you want to talk to me
about our ad carry pool that's a little
different than like I think TSM should
maybe not have the leadership they have
and then and then parse that kind of
goes in on them so I think there's a
difference Evi I think it's also like
maybe miss sorry some other part some of
the arguments are justified right like
the number of operations we've had are a
lot more and I can see why it is
incredibly disappointing like every time
we go to international tournaments and
don't do well we are insanely to win it
too but I've been with them since wow
what was it since world's 2015 and I can
like recount to you every international
tournament like the narrative for our
team there in 2015 I didn't think there
was a shot that we were gonna make it
about that group like big nose
dyrus knows everyone on that team knew
that we were now making it of that group
that point like a lot of players are
looking to retire already like garrison
lustboy were already pretty checked out
and so the team environment was pretty
mad the next one was 2016 worlds that's
the one I feel this the most regret for
because I think compared to every other
team there are level at that point the
2016 roster was a lot higher and I do
think that if we had done prepared or
like if we tweaked a million different
things we could have probably made it
out of that group and maybe gone far and
that's like my one big regret at an
international tournament is 2016 worlds
2017 MSI we had to restructure the
entire team to play around turtle and so
I don't even think that that was the one
split where I do think that c9 should
have gone instead of TSM because I think
CNN was the better team at the time I
even told mark this when we came back
and I was like we had this conversation
I'm like yeah I'm pretty sure c9 just
was a better team and actually would
have done better at MSI 2017 and last
Worlds we just had like it was a
combination of the meta and how we
played the early game that it didn't
really matter if we had gone further we
probably like if we were in a different
group or against a different set of
proponents we wouldn't have done that
well because at that point we just
weren't like we didn't understand how to
play it out
so I mean sometimes it's like you have a
chance to and you blow it sometimes like
the things just don't align and every
time the players and like the org and
the staff members that go to every
international tournament learn a lot
from it like we're definitely better as
an org like Peter's better as a player
Jerry gets better as a player for
everyone he's gone to and that
experience is like the same thing that
carries them through like their own
region so they have more chances and so
at some point I hope an ace continues to
abide by the idea that they do want to
do super well internationally and I'm
super proud of players like Peter and
Derek who like carry that torch so so
let me ask you parts just just like
sooo why not have given that answer like
why not take that tact with the last
caller I'm not saying you should have by
the way I'm just curious like you gave
that answer now you could have responded
last color that way - yeah but his
question was kind of bullshit
so yeah the guy wasn't like what
happened then that you think it's not
management you know like yeah I think
yeah it was managed there's a reasonable
answer if the question was reasonable
but yeah like I don't think Beck I was
gonna get swayed if that was part answer
either so like you know like and and
that thing is is a lot of people if some
people are like oh those are a bunch of
excuses it's like no those are reasons
and like I'm sure everyone in any of
those situations where they came up
short will take some level of fault for
them but the problem with that caller
was also the assumption that like
someone else could have done better and
it's like that's probably not the case
like yeah like in a perfect world yeah
you can pretend that someone done better
but they weren't there for a reason like
I never went to a world for a reason
people like so I I might give a
suggestion for colors in the future
because the second episode we've had to
deal with this maybe don't call it and
suggest that the person you're talking
to shouldn't have their job nah dude
dude I love it I can't believe I can't
believe Hunter was so PC yesterday well
ok hunters in a completely different
situation he like he is here comes the
Travis cafard hunter defense but hunter
is like an unpopular owner at the moment
her head on an unpopular team you are
like a very well-respected figure he was
talking to like a another professional
in the end arguable after this yeah
segment and I I think I think you know
the situation's were different parts
artists hunter just said into M chat I
love you Parthenon capital letters and
to be fair like a lot of people do have
parts back for just being like man fuck
that guy because I mean like any time
you give a strong opinion on something
like you're gonna increase connectivity
with fans who or and people who think a
similar way and people who don't feel
that way will not like you as much and
that's just how it always is whenever
you're speaking your mind it's hard when
they're like there were people on Twitch
tight last night saying hunter should
have his job there is nobody in twitch
chat saying that to you tonight but I do
agree that hunter was kind of he
probably could have well that one also
kind of like kind of came out of left
field right he came out of left field
and it was even like more directed guy
wasn't like parth you're the reason TSM
has never gotten anywhere in world
that's kind of how the last one was it's
just more like there's gonna I thought
he was gonna go down the route of like
the reggie thing when I initially saw
his quit or like when he's initially
starts a lot of nice color was gonna see
like his Reggie to involved in the team
or something right I thought that I
thought that's where that was gonna go
when he said there's management issues
at the top but like I would actually
have anything to pinpoint which is like
how do you even defend when someone just
like nebulously attack look 10 by the
way why are you scared our last caller
so much the n-c-double-a guy he printed
twitch chat sorry my heart was literally
racing for the call before mine sorry if
I did phrase my point while or seven
shaky because I was really shook next
time people run into park deed just like
in the LCS like parking lot really
nervous to come up and ask for a picture
with bjergsen cuz they're gonna be like
oh that's the guy over yeah that's gonna
happen cars gonna turn into their
security detail
yeah is there anything this man can't do